add test plans for lecturer interface a11y (#143)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/lecturer-interface/u-lecturer-interface-22-navigate-course-list.md

# Lecturer-Interface: Navigate course list (`u.lecturer-interface-22`)

Version: V1.0, 30.08.2022 \
Author: Aaron Schmid

## Description

The course list can be navigated

## Precondition

> At least three course are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least three courses are created. The tester sees the list of courses and has focused one course.
```

## Postcondition

> A different course is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A course of the course list is focused.
```

## Typical procedure

> 1. Click arrow down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <kbd>down</kbd>

```

> 2. The second course is selected
> 3. Click <kbd>up</kbd>
> 4. The first course is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The course below is focused
3. Click <kbd>up</kbd>
4. The course above is focused
```

> ## Alternative procedures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Alternative procedures

2.1. no course below - ? \
4.1. no course above - ?
```
(**Please fill in the question marks before applying this suggestion**, i.e. with a new comment)

> # Lecturer-Interface: Navigate course list (`u.lecturer-interface-22`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Lecturer-Interface: Course list navigation (`u.lecturer-interface-22`)
```

## Precondition

At least three course are created. 

> The tester sees the list of courses and has focus on one course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tester sees the list of courses and has focused a course.
```

## Postcondition

A original course is selected.

## Typical procedure

1. Click <kbd>down</kbd>
2. The course below is focused
3. Click <kbd>up</kbd>
4. The course above is focused

## Alternative procedures

> 2.1 no course below \
> 2.1.1 the first course is selected \
> 4.1. no course above \
> 4.1.1 the last course is selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.1 no course below - the first course is focused \
4.1. no course above - the last course is focused
```
